# Tap-Time-Tracker

This Flutter app consists of three widgets where Widget 2 is tappable.
Upon tapping Widget 2, Widget 3 displays a random number between 0-59.
If this random number matches the 'seconds' part of the current timestamp, Widget 1 displays a success message; otherwise, it displays a try again message.
The success message also includes the total number of successful attempts since the user installed the app.

## Project Structure

This project follows MVC pattern.
UI implementations are in the view directory and controller is defined in the controller directory
home_screen_ui.dart contains the UI implementations
home_screen_controller.dart contains all the logics including generating a random number on each tap.

## Usage

To run the app, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
git clone https://github.com/ranjitha57/Tap-Time-Tracker.git
2. cd Tap-Time-Tracker
3. flutter pub get
4. flutter run

## How it Works

Widget 2 (ElevatedButton): This widget is tappable. Upon tapping, it triggers the generation of a random number between 0-59.

Widget 3 (Text): Displays the random number generated by Widget 2.

Widget 1 (Text): If the random number matches the 'seconds' part of the current timestamp, Widget 1 displays a success message along with the total number of successful attempts. Otherwise, it displays a try again message.

Contributors
Ranjitha - https://github.com/ranjitha57/

## About Developer

- GitHub: (https://github.com/ranjitha57/)
- LinkedIn: (www.linkedin.com/in/ranjitha-arunagiri-5aa4a7235)

### Bio

I am a passionate Flutter developer with a keen interest in creating user-friendly and efficient mobile applications. My expertise includes Front end development using Flutter and Dart, API integration, Debugging Existing Code, etc,.
I enjoy solving problems and contributing to the open-source community.

### Contact

- Email: ranjithaarunagiri21@gmail.com
- Stack Overflow: (https://stackoverflow.com/users/22280615/ranjitha-arunagiri?tab=profile)

Feel free to reach out for collaboration, questions
